About continuous deployment (#5771)
dbt-labs/docs.getdbt.com: website/docs/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes.md

[^*] The official release date for this new format of release notes is May 15th, 2024. Historical release notes for prior dates may not reflect all available features released earlier this year or their tenancy availability.

## July 2024

> - **New:** [Merge jobs](/docs/deploy/merge-jobs) for implementing [continuous deployment (CD)](/docs/deploy/continuous-deployment) workflows are now GA in dbt Cloud. Previously, you had to either set up a custom GitHub action or manually build the changes every time a pull request merges.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **New:** [Merge jobs](/docs/deploy/merge-jobs) for implementing [continuous deployment (CD)](/docs/deploy/continuous-deployment) workflows are now GA in dbt Cloud. Previously, you had to either set up a custom GitHub action or manually build the changes every time a pull request is merged.  
```

Author: good catch! tweaking just a tiny bit
